Update existing exercises and add a variables exercises (#3)
iK4tsu/dlings: exercises/if/README.md

# If

> Until now programs ran from the beginning to end following a single logic path.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until now, programs ran from the beginning to end following a single logic path.\
```

Author: Fixed in 81bde052c49ae152c13272cd1e2548bb05859b69

> But sometimes we need different flows in our programs. Control flow plays a big

Reviewer: I'd reinforce that it's not sometimes, it's almost always:
```suggestion
But most of the times, we need different flows in our programs. Control flow plays a big
```

Author: Fixed in 81bde052c49ae152c13272cd1e2548bb05859b69
